include compatibility notice for tidb_remove_orderby_in_subquery (#20684)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-7.2.0.md

### Behavior changes

- When processing update event, TiCDC splits an event into delete and insert events if the primary key or non-null unique index value is modified in the event. For more information, see [documentation](/ticdc/ticdc-split-update-behavior.md#transactions-containing-a-single-update-change).

> - Changes the default value of [`tidb_remove_orderby_in_subquery`](/system-variables.md#tidb_remove_orderby_in_subquery-new-in-v610) from `OFF` to `ON`, meaning that the optimizer removes the `ORDER BY` clause in a subquery. This can avoid unnecessary sorting operations, which improves query performance in many cases. This change might result in a different order of query results. The ISO/IEC SQL standard does not require query results to follow the `ORDER BY` sorting of subqueries. To strictly guarantee the final result order, sorting must be explicitly included in the outer query. If your applications rely on subquery sorting, you can set this variable to `OFF`. Clusters upgraded from earlier versions retain the previous behavior by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changes the default value of [`tidb_remove_orderby_in_subquery`](/system-variables.md#tidb_remove_orderby_in_subquery-new-in-v610) from `OFF` to `ON`, meaning that the optimizer removes `ORDER BY` clauses from subqueries to avoid unnecessary sorting operations. This change might result in a different order of rows in query results. The ISO/IEC SQL standard does not require query results to follow the `ORDER BY` sorting specified in subqueries. If you need to ensure a specific order in the final result, add an `ORDER BY` clause to the outer query. If your applications rely on subquery sorting, you can set this variable to `OFF`. Clusters upgraded from earlier versions retain the previous behavior by default.
```
